A. Related to No. 7. When sales payment is disabled, the driver should only come in to see something like You are not allowed to pay your 
sales at this time using the app. You can only do so at the PickMe office. In this case, you should not display the sales amount, 
the rectangle it is written in, and also take away the sales payment period text. Give him the chance to pay for others at this time.

B. I observed that drivers can pay for themselves using the pay for others' options. When one goes to pay for others and type his 
own number in the Beneficiary field, the system should give a pop-up that will mean that he can't pay for himself, rather he can
 pay for someone else. 

C. Relating to No. 6. Kindly make all the pop-ups in the sales payment section like the one I suggested. Don't let them be on the 
red error pop style, and don't let them disappear by itself. Rather, put ok buttons, which, when clicked, will close the pop-up.

D. I didn't see any push notifications for all the test sales payments I did. I don't know if you didn't work on that. Kindly check. => done

E. I suggest that any transaction on the system, whether directly in the wallet or in the sales or elsewhere, should open detailed information
 about the transaction when it is clicked on. The list of transactions in the history doesn't give enough information about it. For instance, 
 sales payments for others, clicking on any of the payments there should open detailed info so I can even see the one I paid for. So kindly 
 work on it, it's very important. Don't forget to do the same for transactions in the wallet itself. Also all activities listed in the 
 Notifications should get this same setup. Any notification clicked on should open detailed info on that activity or let me say on that notification. 

F. Relating to No. 10. Can you give us that chance to Edit the content of all push notifications? If yes, then kindly check and work on it for us.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. We should put a button in the vendors page that says Add your business 
2. A form will open to add business details including Name, address, service provided, a picture, and others, like we add at the backend. 
3. Then we implement a subscription plan with prices and durations like 1 month, 3 months and let's say 1 year.
4. You will give us chance to create the subscription plans and their prices at the backend. 
5. When one adds his business, he pays with wallet or momo.
6. Cinfirming will trigger payments and deductions will be done automatically, then the request will come to the backend for review and approval. 
When it is approved then it publishes on the app and when the request is rejected, the system refunds the deducted amount. 
7. User won't be able to edit his details on the app once approved and published. Therefore a prompt should be given to the user when he is about to confirm. 
Editing a published business should only be done at the backend. 
8. User can add as many businesses as he wants. Therefore, he should get a place to see all his businesses added, Active and expired ones. Active ones 
can have number of days left to expire indicated on them as tags. 
9. When a subscription is about to expire, we give notification to prompt the business owner. 
10. User can renew his subscription from the expired subscriptions. However, we won't review it again. It's only new businesses that are to be reviewed. 
11. On the homescreen, the screens of an ongoing trip and any where necessary, the system should display the details of a published business in a 
horizontal text with the business picture moving from right to left at the top or bottom of the screen like we see on television. The system should 
pick which business to display in a random selection. Clicking on the sliding text should redirect the user to call the business contact number. 
But a prompt should be given to confirm that indeed user would want to call the business as a user may accidentally click on the sliding text.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In the user profile, kindly take away my cart and implement these in the following. 

A. Business Opportunities 

1. Change the name from business opportunities to Invest In PickMe
2. When clicked on invest in PickMe, it will open a page and display the investment Title, a Flyer of the investment opportunity. 
And there will be a read more text which when clicked will open a detailed explanation of that investment opportunity. 
3. Give us the chance to create, edit and discard the investment opportunity at the backend.

B.  Favorite Service Providers

1. This will display the user's favorite drivers, delivery runner, and personal shoppers (workers).
2. After a worker provides a service, the user gets the chance to add him to his favorite, meaning he provided a good service. This can be done 
at the end of a trip or any other services by clicking on a button that says add to favorites. 
3. In the favorites, you should put those workers under categories based on the services they provided. Some workers provide two or more services 
and hence can be a favorite under one service and not the other services. He can also be a favorite under many services if only the user has added 
him to those services. Being a favorite under one service doesn't mean you are favorite under all the services. 
4. Now once a customer has favorite service providers, whenever he sends a request to the system, the system should first consider his favorites if 
any of them is closer to provide the requested service before it goes to any other person. With this the customer will always be served by his favorite service providers. 
5. In the list of favorites, the user should be able to remove workers. However user can only add favorites at the end of services.
6. User should be able to add up to 5 favorites under each of the services. 
7. A simple button to add a worker to favorite should be added to the trip or service history for the user to add the worker to the favorites. 
But the button should disappear in 24hrs. 
8. When user has 5 favorites already, he shouldn't get the chance to add a worker to favorites at the end of the trip or service. The only way to 
add is to first delete an existing worker under that service from the favorites and go to the trip history or the service history to add a new one 
using the 24hrs disappearing button.